ScoreBoard Library Documentation
=================
We have the following components in this library:

1. ScoreBoard.java
2. ScoreBoardImpl.java
3. Match.java
4. Teams.java

Scoreboard.java is an interface that defines the methods that are to be implemented by the
ScoreBoardImpl class.

ScoreBoardImpl is marked as final to prevent it from being extended by other classes.
ScoreBoardImpl class has the following properties:

- matches: A ConcurrentHashMap to store the matches.
- teamToMatchMap: A ConcurrentHashMap to store the mapping of Team Names to Match Number.
- matchNumber: An AtomicInteger to generate the Match number to be used in mapping between Team Names and Match Number.

ScoreBoardImpl class implements the ScoreBoard interface and provides the implementation of the methods defined in the
interface.

- `startMatch(String homeTeam, String awayTeam)` method adds a match to the scoreboard.It also validates the input
  parameters and throws an exception if the input is invalid.This method returns the match number.The matchNumber in
  case of exception is -1 indicating error condition.
- `updateScore(int matchNumber, int homeTeamScore, int awayTeamScore)` method updates the score of a match. It also
  validates the input score values and throws an exception if the input is invalid.
- `finishMatch(int matchNumber)` method removes a match from the scoreboard.This method also validates presence of match
  for input matchNumber and throws an exception if the match is not found.
- `getScoreBoardSummary()` method returns the list of matches sorted by total score and most recent match.
- `getMatches()` method returns the list of matches.

Implementation of the ScoreBoardImpl class is thread safe by using ConcurrentHashMap to store the matches and mapping of
Team Names to Match Number.
The class also uses AtomicInteger to generate the Match number.

Following validations are done in the methods:

- `startMatch(String homeTeam, String awayTeam)`
  Validates homeTeam and awayTeam are not null or empty.
  Validates homeTeam and awayTeam are not same.
  Validates homeTeam and awayTeam are not same as any of the team names already playing a match.
  Validates homeTeam name and awayTeam name are valid names of participating teams in FIFA World Cup 2022.

- `updateScore(int matchNumber, int homeTeamScore, int awayTeamScore)`
  Validates match exists for given matchNumber.
  Validates homeTeamScore and awayTeamScore are not negative values.
  Validates homeTeamScore and awayTeamScore are not less than current score values.
  Validates homeTeamScore and awayTeamScore are not same as current score values.

- `finishMatch(int matchNumber)`
  Validates match exists for given matchNumber.

Match.java is a class that defines the properties of a match.
A match has the following properties:

- matchNumber
- homeTeam
- awayTeam
- homeTeamScore
- awayTeamScore

Match class has a constructor that initializes the id, homeTeam, and awayTeam.
id is a unique identifier for a match, generated by using an AtomicInteger.
homeTeamScore and awayTeamScore are initialized to AtomicInteger variable with 0 as the initial score.
AtomicInteger is used to make the score update operation thread safe.
Match class is marked as final to prevent it from being extended by other classes.

Teams.java is an enum that defines the participating teams in FIFA World Cup 2022.
Teams enum has a list of team names as constants.
It also has a method to check if a given team name is a valid team name in FIFA World Cup 2022.

The ScoreBoardImpl class is tested using JUnit5 tests defined in ScoreBoardTests.java.
The tests cover the following scenarios:

- Validating the startMatch method with valid and invalid inputs.
- Validating the updateScore method with valid and invalid inputs.
- Validating the finishMatch method with valid and invalid inputs.
- Validating the getScoreBoardSummary method.
- Validating the thread safety of the ScoreBoardImpl class.

Build Instructions:
-------------------
The library is built using Maven.
You can build the library using the following command:
```mvn clean install```

Test:
------
You can run the tests using the following command:
```mvn clean test```

Package:
--------

You can package the library using the following command:
```mvn clean package```